Hey oh man fearsome Regan Pearce yeah
we're don't care are you nervous
come on come here knows it's called
frenum yeah brenham right tipton like
yeah I got one see what happens you
don't have anymore right happy / I can
still of the ring in it if i want to i
saw you just sealing up that bag in the
other room wasn't sterile what you know
I I know told understand music French
first time I threw that in this
condition drunk and an acid right no no
I don't drunk no no no I'm kid done to
her treat know how to drink free beer
it's okay you mean environment what it
you mean the environment like backstage
at a in a dressing room yeah yeah that's
first time one time my shop
your crowd yet
everywhere
I didn't fuck i do it fast yeah yeah
that's do it good he was on tour with
this with blood or blood yeah remember
that that's probably man I think my
shore in czech republic with this boy
this guy do you remember that were there
there's a crazy store okay
pretty clean nostrils you have there
yeah it's good to little come on get it
out her nose pierced
I won't tell you about the time
everything up here suntour she did it
never never didn't stop bleeding yes
what's we're going to watch out for your
balls
it's done
John nice job team flinch wow this is
from happiness yeah that's normal yeah
so go there
Oh
that I need some more better than this
bus farm bill yeah
it'll knows this drop
yes crime
hurt a little one new ones true took
long 10 seconds
I think it's okay yeah nice night right
tomorrow congratulations thank you yeah
yeah give her hand the trooper you next
gimme never write Moreau prints on group
yeah